SearchableService canView() (#281)
silverstripe/silverstripe-fulltextsearch: README.md

Adds support for fulltext search engines like Sphinx and Solr to SilverStripe CMS.
Compatible with PHP 7.2

> ## Important note when upgrading to fulltextsearch 3.7

Author: yeah ... for 'normal' sites not doing text-extraction it's double.  Sites doing text-extraction should have a much smaller relative performance impact

> ## Important note when upgrading to fulltextsearch 3.7

Author: We now have a sentence in the readme `These additional check can have an impact on the reindex performance due to additional queries for permission checks.`

> A canView() check against an anonymous user (i.e. someone not logged in) and a ShowInSearch check is now performed by

Author: done

default against all records (DataObjects) before being added to the search index, and also before being shown in search
results. This may mean that some records that were previously being indexed and shown in search results will no longer
appear due to these additional checks.

These additional checks have been added with data security in mind, as it's safer to assume that records failing these
checks should not be indexed in the first place.

These additional checks also mean that draft-only (unpublished) content will no longer be automatically added to the
search index as it will now fail the canView() check for an anonymous user.  Previously draft-only content had to be

> manually excluded from being indexed via SearchIndex::excludeVariantState().  

Author: >> point out how it works in CWP as a separate section

The problem there is that websites out in the wild have a fairly diverse range of search implementations.  The offical CWP docs describe the way you are "supposed to do it" and referencing that may be relevant in the majority of cases, though certainly not all cases.

>> This makes it sound like most implementations have a security flaw when they likely haven't

Fair point.  The majority of sites (though not necessary all) will have a canView() somewhere on search retrieval currently doing the security work.  I'll add a sentence mentioning this.

> manually excluded from being indexed via SearchIndex::excludeVariantState().  

Author: Ha, oh fairly important bit I've left out.  The raw solr query contains `&fq=%2B(_versionedstage:"Live"+(*:*+-_versionedstage:[*+TO+*])` and `Live` changes to `Stage` if you suffix the url with ?stage=Stage

I'll update relevant bits in docs where we mention "draft-only"

> manually excluded from being indexed via SearchIndex::excludeVariantState().  

Reviewer: I still think we need more info for CWP use cases here. Point devs to the place where canView is likely called in their own logic at least (e.g. "did you subclass SearchForm? Or CwpSearchIndex?"). Give them a good chance at doing the right thing and removing the duplicate canView check from their codebase.

> manually excluded from being indexed via SearchIndex::excludeVariantState().  

Author: I've added two new sections:
- Details on filtering before adding content to the solr index
- Details on filtering when extracting results from the solr index

I've mentioned there's no penalty for duplicate isViewable() / canView() checks, though if they have a very custom implementation that doesn't call SearchableService::isViewable() then they should add a call in

Adds support for fulltext search engines like Sphinx and Solr to SilverStripe CMS.
Compatible with PHP 7.2

## Important note when upgrading to fulltextsearch 3.7

A `canView()` check against an anonymous user (i.e. someone not logged in) and a `ShowInSearch` check is now performed
by default against all records (DataObjects) before being added to the search index, and also before being shown in
search results. This may mean that some records that were previously being indexed and shown in search results will
no longer appear due to these additional checks.

These additional checks have been added with data security in mind, as it's safer to assume that records failing these
checks should not be indexed in the first place.

These additional checks also mean that draft-only (unpublished) content will no longer be automatically added to the
search index as it will now fail the `canView()` check for an anonymous user.  Previously draft-only content could be
manually excluded from being indexed via `SearchIndex::excludeVariantState()`.  Indexed draft content was filtered from

> showing in public search results via the solr query `&fq=%2B(_versionedstage:"Live"` meaning it only requested content

Reviewer: I don't think many devs would know what to make of those raw Solr query strings - what's the intent in including it here? Just seems like noise that makes it less likely that devs will keep reading the important stuff below this point :)

Author: Have removed

from the `Live` stage. 

You can apply configuration to remove the new pre-index `canView()` check from your DataObjects if it is not necessary,
or if it impedes expected functionality (e.g. for sites where users must authenticate to view any content.) This will
also disable the check for descendants of the specified DataObjects. Ensure that your implementation of fulltextsearch
is correctly performing a `canView()` check at query time before disabling the pre-index check, as this may result in
leakage of private data.

```
SilverStripe\FullTextSearch\Search\Services\SearchableService:

>   classes_that_skip_indexing_canview_check:

Reviewer: Needs updated naming

Author: Updated

    - MyDataObject
    - SiteTree # Will disable the check for all pagetypes
```

Skipping the pre-index `canView()` will mean that draft-only content will get added to the index.  This content
will still get filtered out by the solr query `&fq=%2B(_versionedstage:"Live"`.  It's still recommended that you exclude
draft content from being indexed if you don't need it via `SearchIndex::excludeVariantState()`.
Read more on [excluding draft content](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-fulltextsearch/blob/3/docs/en/03_configuration.md).

> You can also use the updateIsSearchable extension point on SearchableService to modify the result of the method

Reviewer: Backticks

Author: Have added backticks

after the `ShowInSearch` and `canView()` checks have run. 

> It is highly recommend you run a solr_reindex on your production site after upgrading from 3.6 or earlier to purge any

Reviewer: Link to documentation on how to run a full reindex?

Author: Have added link to solr reindex docs

old data that should no longer be in the search index.

> These additional check will have an impact on the reindex performance.  It's estimated that on regular pages that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These additional check can have an impact on the reindex performance due to additional queries for permission checks.
```

I'd leave it to the first sentence, amended above, and leave out the statement around "double time". That might be true on a stock standard recipe. I think devs can draw their own conclusions on how much impact permission checks have.

Author: Updated as per your recommendation
